Function point technique - The estimation is calculted based on Function points on the basic of(Size,duration and cost).
three point technique    - this tecniques we divide project size using three values: optimistic, pessimistic, and most likely. 
                           and then we use pert formula to calculate,E = (a+4m+b)/6
delphi method            - This is done by experts over multiple round of surveys unless & until a final estimation of task is not finalized.
work breakdown structure - no actually an estimation but used before estimating, A big project is made manageable by first breaking it down into
                           individual components in a hierarchical structure, 
planning poker           - Planning poker, also known as “scrum poker” and “pointing poker”, is a gamified technique that development teams use
                           to guess the effort of project management tasks.
           Planning Poker uses of the Fibonacci sequence to assign a point value to a feature or user story.(Tshirt size fibonaci - S,M,L,XL,XL>Epic)

1.Function Points: This technique involves estimating the project size based on the functionality provided by the software. Function points consider
   factors such as inputs, outputs, inquiries, and files to arrive at the project size estimate.
   
 ->The Test Manager estimates Size, Duration, and Cost for the tasks

  Step A) Estimate size for the task:
     Prior to start actual estimating tasks effort, functional points are divided into three groups like Complex, Medium, Simple as following:
     Based on the complex of software functions, the Test Manger has to give enough weightage to each functional point.

  STEP B) Estimate duration for the task:

        Total effort = Total Function Points * Estimate defined per Function Points
                 170 = 34 * 5 

     Total Effort                        : The effort to completely test all the functions of the website
     Total Function Points               : Total modules of the website
     Estimate defined per Function Points: The average effort to complete one function points. This value depends on the productivity of the member
                                           who will take in charge this task.

  STEP C) Estimate the cost for the tasks

     Suppose, on average your team salary is $5 per hour. The time required for “Create Test Specs” task is 170 hours. Accordingly, the cost for
     the task is 5*170= $850. Now you can calculate budget for other activities in WBS and arrive at overall budget for the project.

2.Three-point Estimation: 
  This technique involves estimating the project size using three values: optimistic, pessimistic, and most likely. These values are then used to 
  calculate the expected project size using a formula such as the PERT formula.

  In three-point estimation, three values are produced initially for every task based on prior experience or best-guesses as follows
  - the best-case estimate
  - the most likely estimate
  - the worst case estimate

   a = 120, m = 170, b = 200
  
   E = (a+4m+b)/6    E is known as Weighted Average.                                            
 -
  ** to check if the estimation is correct - > SD = (b-a)/6   ,SD mean Standard Deviation

3.Delphi Technique: This is one of the widely used software testing estimation technique.
   In the Delphi Method is based on surveys and basically collects the information from participants who are experts. In this estimation technique 
   each task is assigned to each team member & over multiple rounds surveys are conduct unless & until a final estimation of task is not finalized.
   In each round the thought about task are gathered & feedback is provided. By using this method, you can get quantitative and qualitative results.
  - who are there in depli technique - experts

4.Work Breakdown Structure (WBS):
   A big project is made manageable by first breaking it down into individual components in a hierarchical structure, known as the
   Work breakdown structure, or the WBS

   In this technique the complex project is divided into smaller pieces. The modules are divided into smaller sub-modules. Each sub-modules are 
   further divided into functionality. And each functionality can be divided into sub-functionalities. After breakdown the work all functionality 
   should review to check whether each & every functionality is covered in the WBS.

5.Planning Poker:
   Also called “Scrum Poker,” is a consensus-based Agile planning and estimating technique used to assess product backlogs, guessing how much time and
   effort is needed to complete each of the backlog’s initiatives.
  - Planning poker (also known as Scrum poker) is a consensus-based, gamified technique for estimating, mostly used to estimate effort or 
    relative size of development goals in software development.
  - Planning poker, also known as “scrum poker” and “pointing poker”, is a gamified technique that development teams use to guess the effort of project
    management tasks.

  -Who to include in planning poker meetings- Scrum team members,scrum master, Product owner
  
 **Steps for Planning Poker

 1.To start a poker planning session, the product owner or customer reads an agile user story or describes a feature to the estimators.
     For example:
     “Customer logs in to the reservation system”
     “Customer enters search criteria for a hotel reservation”
 2.Team members of the group make estimates by playing numbered cards face-down to the table without revealing their estimate 
   (Fibonacci values: 1,2,3,5,8,13,20,40)
 3.Cards are simultaneously displayed
 4.The estimates are then discussed, and high and low estimates are explained
 5.Repeat as needed until estimates converge

 # Fibonacci sequence and Planning Poker
   - Planning Poker uses of the Fibonacci sequence to assign a point value to a feature or user story.

	0		Task is already completed.
	1/2		The task is tiny.
	1, 2, 3		These are used for small tasks.
	5, 8, 13	These are used for medium sized tasks.
	20, 40		These are used for large tasks.
	100		These are used for very large tasks.
	<infinity>	The task is huge.
	?		No idea how long it takes to complete this task.
	<cup of coffee>	I am hungry 🙂
   *Tshirt size fibonaci - S,M,L,XL,XL>Epic

 # Agile Estimation – Relative vs Absolute
   An estimate is nothing more than a well educated guess. We use all the knowledge and experience at hand to make a guess about the amount of time
   it is going to take. So instead of looking at every new work item separately, why not compare it to previously finished work items? It’s easier 
   for humans to relate to similar items than to guess the actual size of things anyway.

   Our brain is not capable of doing absolute estimates; we always put that new thing that we need to estimate in relationship to things we already know.

 Benefits:
  1. The game framework encourages collaboration and team building.
  2. Requiring a consensus among the team, rather than having one person dictate estimates, can increase morale by giving everyone on the 
   cross-functiona team a vote.

 Drawbacks:
  1. Arriving at a consensus can give the team a false sense of confidence. They might still be missing important pieces of information, and their
     estimate might still be off.
  2. A dominating person in the group can unduly influence the other participants. If you’re not careful, it can lead to estimate driven not by 
     consensus but force of will.
