Q) What is API?
 Application Programming Interface (API) is a software interface that enables two applications to interact with each other without any user intervention.
 It is a collection of software functions and procedures. API is defined as a code that helps two different software communicate and exchange data with
 each other.

Q) State The Core Components of an HTTP Response?
-  In Postman, every HTTP response contains four key elements.

  Response/Status Code- There are response code issues by a sever for client’s request, as 404 means Page Not Found.
  HTTP Version- HTTP version name. For example, HTTP v2.2
  Response Header- It included information for the HTTP response message. For example. The content length, date, status, server type, etc.
  Response Body – It contains the data which a client requested from the server.\

Q) What is an HTTP request?
-  An HTTP request is a program that the client makes to a name host located on a server. It works as a communication interface or a request-response
   protocol between a client and server. The primary use of the HTTP request is to access a resource on the server. To initiate the HTTP request,
   the client uses components of a URL (Uniform Resource Locator) that also includes the information needed to access the resource.

Q) What is the main difference between Authorization and authentication?

  Authorization is the act of allowing or permitting someone, whereas authentication is proving that something is genuine.
  Authorization always comes first, while authentication comes after authorization.
  Authorization is open to anyone with permission, whereas authentication requires you to have a password.

Q) What is the Postman execution order for a collection?
-  For all the requests in a collection, the scripts will execute in the following given order:

  Step 1) A pre-request script associated with a collection will run before every request.
  Step 2) A pre-request script associated with a folder will run before every request in a specific folder.
  Step 3) A test script associated with a collection will run after every request.
  Step 4) A test script associated with a folder will run after the request in the specific folder.

Q) The various authorization types are:

1. Inherit auth from parent - This is the default auth type. In this, authorization type will be the same as the parent, which means whatever
   the auth type you selected for that collection (parent); the same auth type will be selected for the request, which is under that collection.
2. No Auth - If you select this type, Postman will not send any auth data with the request.
3. API key - This is to send the Key and Value along with the API request.
4. Bearer Token - This auth type allows the Authorization of requests by using an access key.
5. Basic Auth -This allows users to send username and password along with the request for API login.
6. Digest Auth - This is the two-point authentication of your API request. In this auth type user will send a request where the server will reply
   with a number that can only be used once. Then the user again will send the request along with username, password, and that realm number for
   Authorization of the request.
7. OAuth - This auth type is to access third-party API data.
8. Hawk Authentication - This enables users to use partial cryptographic verification to authenticate their requests. Hawk Auth id, which is your
   API authentication ID value and Hawk Auth key, which is your API authentication key value, is required for Authorization under this auth type.
9. AWS Signature - For Amazon Web Services requests, this auth type is used.
10.NTLM Authentication (Beta) - This is the auth type for windows OS and standalone systems.
11.Akamai EdgeGrid - Akamai technologies use this auth type for authorizing requests.

Q) What is a binary form in POST methods?
-  Binary representation is the easiest representation for sending complex data with the request
   The binary form is designed to help send data in a format that is not possible to be entered manually. These options are used while sending
   large files like images, CSV files, etc in the POST request